Adds basic documentation for the ToolbarButton component. (#23909)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/src/toolbar-button/README.md

# ToolbarButton

> A ToolbarButton can be used to add actions to your block control, usually inside a ToolbarGroup. It has the same features of the [Button](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/components/button/) component, only its style is more appropriate for a Toolbar.

Reviewer: > only its style is more appropriate for a Toolbar.

Hey @mateuswetah, thanks for working on this! 

I think there are a few extra features of the `ToolbarButton` over just styling. It also has some additional accessibility functionality implemented via the Reakit library - https://reakit.io/docs/toolbar/. As mentioned there, it implements this toolbar pattern for keyboard interactions - https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#toolbar.

```suggestion
A ToolbarButton can be used to add actions to your block control, usually inside a ToolbarGroup. It has similar features to the [Button](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/components/button/) component. Using `ToolbarButton` will ensure the correct styling for a button in a toolbar, and also that keyboard interactions in a toolabr are consistent with the [WAI ARIA toolbar pattern](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#toolbar).
```

Author: Awesome, thanks for the clarification, I think its better :)

> A ToolbarButton can be used to add actions to your block control, usually inside a ToolbarGroup. It has similar features to the [Button](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/components/button/) component. Using `ToolbarButton` will ensure the correct styling for a button in a toolbar, and also that keyboard interactions in a toolbar are consistent with the [WAI ARIA toolbar pattern](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#toolbar).

Reviewer 2: For linking to components, you want to not include the full domain, since the docs are browsed in multiple contexts. See [the Using Links section](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/contributors/document/#using-links) of the contributing docs.

```suggestion
A ToolbarButton can be used to add actions to your block control, usually inside a ToolbarGroup. It has similar features to the [Button](/packages/components/src/button/README.md) component. Using `ToolbarButton` will ensure the correct styling for a button in a toolbar, and also that keyboard interactions in a toolbar are consistent with the [WAI ARIA toolbar pattern](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#toolbar).
```

Author: Thanks @mkaz, I haven't read that page, will check it out. I'm committing all this suggestions!

## Usage

```jsx
import { ToolbarButton } from "@wordpress/components";
import { edit } from "@wordpress/icons";
 
const MyToolbarButton = () => (
    <MyToolbarButton
        title="Edit"
        icon={ edit }
        onClick={ onEdit } />
);
```

## Props

> This component accepts [the same API of the Button](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/components/button/#props) component.

Reviewer 2: For linking to components, you want to not include the full domain, since the docs are browsed in multiple contexts. See [the Using Links section](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/contributors/document/#using-links) of the contributing docs.

```suggestion
This component accepts [the same API of the Button](/packages/components/src/button/README.md#props) component.
```

## Related components

> * If you wish to implement a control do select options grouped as icon buttons you can use the [Toolbar](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/components/toolbar/) component, which already handles this strategy.

Reviewer: > control do select

Looks like a typo here.

Author: Yeap, sorry for that, I'll pay more attention in future contributions!

> * If you wish to implement a control to select options grouped as icon buttons you can use the [Toolbar](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/components/toolbar/) component, which already handles this strategy.

Reviewer 2: Same as above.

```suggestion
* If you wish to implement a control to select options grouped as icon buttons you can use the [Toolbar](/packages/components/src/toolbar/README.md) component, which already handles this strategy.
```

> * The ToolbarButton may be used with other elements such as [Dropdown](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/components/dropdown/) to display options in a popover.

Reviewer 2: Same as above.

```suggestion
* The ToolbarButton may be used with other elements such as [Dropdown](/packages/components/src/dropdown/README.md) to display options in a popover.
```
